Amazon PPC search term reports this is
something that Amazon offers you for
free to analyze the performance of your
PPC campaign like are they performing
good or performing bad and you can just
utilize these search term report in many
ways like you can just find out all of
those keywords which are performed best
and all of those keywords which are
performing poor so later you can just
add or delete all of those keyword which
are good or which are bad from your BBC
campaign so in that way by doing this
you can just fine tune your PPC campaign
and get the Max results out of that PPC
Campaign which you are running right now
so in this video I'm going to be
covering each and every detail about
Amazon PPC search term reports how you
can download them how you can actually
use them to analyze your PPC performance
and how you can actually utilize them to
make your PPC performance better so if
you are totally relying on your PPC
campaign to get sales on your Amazon
product then this video is a must watch
for you because a method which I'm going
to be teaching you in this video today
will going to be super helpful for you
will save a lot of your time and you can
just get get some useful data about your
BBC campaign
but before getting started I'm Mozart
and I run multiple online businesses
like Amazon eBay Shopify affiliate
marketing and YouTube that gives me
Financial Freedom and allow me to travel
the world without having any worry of
nine-to-five job so if you also want
this freedom to working remotely from
anywhere in the world then make sure to
subscribe our channel to learn more
about online earning for free and if you
are confused at where to start then you
can just simply visit the link ways to
sellonline.com start so you can just
find some useful material from there and
get a complete roadmap from where to
start
all right guys so as you can see here
I'm on Amazon Seller Central right now
and here I have just opened Amazon
reports so here you can see that from
the 1st of December till today like 13
January this is my 45 Day sales like
1166 units sold and the total revenue
was 38
787 so if I just filter out the sales
from first January till now like for the
past 30 days so the sales were very good
like around fifty six hundred dollars so
you can see that the PPG campaign are
performing good that's why I'm getting
good sales on this account so if I just
go on my pvc dashboard so here you can
see that if I just filter out from
January 1st to 13 January so here you
can see that the PPC spend was 732
dollars and against that spent I
actually got 54 orders from PPC and rest
are organic and here the a cost is 36
which is not good but not bad and if I
just click on this add metrics so you
can see that the click through rate is
super good like most of the people who
actually click on my listing purchase so
you can see that I got 662 click CTR
which is called click-through rate is
1.27 percent so now let me show you like
how I utilize Amazon search term report
to get these type of results from Amazon
PPC campaign so if you also want to
download that report so first of all you
need to go on your PPC campaign and from
here on the left dashboard you need to
find the second last button which is
called measurement and Reporting so when
I click on that so another menu will
open and from that menu you need to
click on this sponsored ad reports so
when you click on that so here you can
see that Amazon PPC is allowing you to
run the report to create the report as
per your requirement so from here if you
want to download that report you need to
click on create report and here it will
ask you like what type of report you
want so from here you need to select
like for which type of campaign you want
to download report so in this case I
only want to download report from my
sponsored campaign because I'm not
running brand or display cabinet on this
account so I just need to click on
sponsored product and from here report
type Amazon is asking me here like which
type of report I bought so if I click on
here to see multiple options so in my
opinion the number one option search
term and the number four option campaign
is very good option so you can just
download both report one by one Once by
clicking on search term and second by
clicking on campaign so in that way in
search term report you'll be able to see
all of those sales which you got against
any search term and in the second report
you will get all of those sales which
you are getting from which campaign so
the vote of the report will be useful
for you so you can see which campaign is
performing good and which is performing
bad and the same for the search term
like for which version you are getting
sales or from which system or keyword
you are not getting sales so let's just
click on search term and here in time
unit you just need to click on this
summary not daily sales and in the
report period it's up to you if you want
to download for 7 Day you get a slash
seven days or if you want to download
for any particular date range you're
gonna select that date range but in my
case I just see the data for 30 days so
I just click on 30 days and here if I go
down I can just give this file any name
or if you don't want to give the name
you can just leave it as default and
here in schedule time I just need to
click on now because I want this file to
be downloaded now so after filling this
form you just need to click on this run
report button on the top right corner so
when you click on this run report button
this one will run and after couple of
minutes when you click on this run
report again you will be able to see
your report here you can see that the
report is completed and from this right
button you can just click on this button
and download that report so here I have
already downloaded that report and
opened that report into Google sheet so
here you can see that it is representing
me the data into a very beautiful form
from which I can just see the sales I
can just see from which campaign this
since I got and from which keyword I got
this sale so you can see that these are
the column like date the portfolio
currency campaign name targeting and
here if I go forward I can see the total
impression I got on this date from this
campaign in the total eclipse and the
total sales so you can see that this is
the a cost column and if I go further
forward I can see the total number of
fields order in 7 Day from this campaign
so here you can see that in seventh day
this campaign bring me 10 sales this
brings me 11 sales 10 10 8 6 and so on
so now here at this point it's up to you
it's up to your Ms Excel scale like how
you use this sheet by utilizing the data
by putting some filters here by sorting
from A to Z or low to high and grab the
data of your choice so for example if I
just go on left and I can see here there
are different campaign like this data
from row number two to row number 17 is
from this campaign and after rule number
17 you can see that this data is for
another campaign for example if I only
want to see the data from this campaign
so from here I can just put the filter
and I can just filter out this campaign
which I don't want so to apply the
filter you need to find a filter button
here you can see that create a filter
and if I click on create a filter you
can see that on all of the columns I can
find the fiddle button here so for
example for this column D I need to
filter out some campaign like I only
want to see the data which this campaign
bring me like bath bomb locket exec but
not from this campaign so I just need to
click on this filter and here I can just
click on clear and then I can just click
on this bath bomb long tail exact so if
I click on this name and then click on
OK so you can see that I will be only
able to see the campaign data which is
from this camera paid not from any other
campaign so in this way you can just put
some filters you can just sort the data
from orders from a cost from high to low
or low to high and get the maximum data
out of that report which you can utilize
to improve your Amazon PPC campaign and
get a lot of lot of sales so if you want
to learn more about Amazon PBC campaign
in detail like how I achieve this kind
of result so you can just go on my
YouTube channel and click on playlist
and here you just need to click on
Amazon playlist and on that playlist you
can find many of the videos I created in
past in which I explained you each and
everything in detail about Amazon PPC so
go there watch that video and start
improving your Amazon FBA sales
so that's it for today guys I hope you
really enjoyed the video and learned
something great from it so if you find
my content really informative and
helpful for you then make sure to like
the video and subscribe the channel as
well so you can watch more and more
videos like this in future let's meet in
the next video till then take care bye